Wherever you find yourself at work or in your personal life, do the very best you can do. You don't get to do what you love until you act as though you love what you do! If you give it your all, someone will notice. So give your work your all. Do it with excellence. Find ways to do it more efficiently. Find ways to make it more interesting. Find ways to improve it or automate it. Give care to even the smallest tasks. You'll stand out if you do. Many people today would rather be noticed than do something noteworthy. Choose to do something noteworthy. Getting noticed will then be a by-product.

Forgive and let go. When we carry unforgiveness, it's like taking a huge rock, putting it in a rucksack and carrying it on our back wherever we go. It weighs us down - it saps our energy, our motivation and our enjoyment of life. It also causes us to perceive people and life through the lens of bitterness and anger. It harms not only our relationships with friends and family, but also with colleagues and clients. I know that the person who hurt you may not deserve your forgiveness. But forgiveness brings YOU freedom.

Why is it a good idea to read a lot? Well, for one thing, you become smarter! Books give us access to some of the greatest minds and ideas that ever lived. We can learn from great people that we wouldn't otherwise have access to any other way than through their books.

Don't ever stop learning and growing as a person. The more you learn and grow, the better your life will become. If you continue to grow your level of skill in your chosen field, you'll become a master at what you do. Beyond expertise in a job skill, you can grow as a person in other areas. Your people skills, leaderships skills, your attitude and ability to handle difficult situations, creativity and problem solving, amongst others.

I used to think that if my circumstances magically changed, then everything would be great. But then I discovered - it's not the circumstances that were the problem. It's our thinking that determines what happens to us in life - not our circumstances. So, to make lasting change in our lives, we need to first change what we believe about ourselves and how we think.

Be kind to people; treat people as you would like to be treated. Everyone loves to feel special. Everyone loves to be noticed. And if you care for people and treat them as the special people that they are, then they will love you for it.

It's easy to start. Everyone can start something. Everyone can have a great idea. But seeing something significant through to completion takes perseverance. When no one believes in what you're doing, will you keep going? When you've had setbacks and difficulties and just don't feel motivated to carry on will you continue fighting? You need to. It's part of the process. Disappointments, pain, failure, resistance, setbacks and criticism from others - you'll go through all of it in your path to your dream. And when that happens...never, never, never give in!

You are a reflection of the five people you spend the most time with - choose them wisely. If they complain a lot, you will inevitably complain a lot. If they are lazy, you will become lazy. If they are not actively improving themselves, you will not actively improve yourself - unless you leave the situation and find others who will reflect that part of you. It is very difficult to remain in a state of happiness when you are surrounded by negativity.

Create certainty and leave room for uncertainty. If everything in your life is planned out, then it's boring. If nothing in your life is planned out, then it's risky and uneasy. You want just enough certainty in your life to feel like you have ground to stand on, you're not completely in danger, but you've left the window open for spontaneity to sneak in for a sleepover every now and then. It's the spontaneous adventures that bring extreme moments of joy. But they are best enjoyed when you know you have something safe to land on as well.

We as humans like to believe "happiness" is the destination wherein there is no more challenge. In fact, it is quite the opposite. We discover ourselves by being challenged. And it is not the thing itself, but your emotional state that decides whether or not that process of growing and being challenged is enjoyable. We are happy because we have overcome ourselves.